DPMMA-1572 clone campaign events (#290)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/campaigns/campaign_builder.rst

   php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:campaigns:trigger

If you want to execute the command at different intervals for specific Campaigns, you can pass the ``--campaign-id=ID`` argument to the command.

.. vale off

Cloning Campaign events
-----------------------

.. vale on

> Mautic's Campaign builder now includes a feature that allows Users to clone (copy and paste) Campaign events, making it easier to replicate complex workflows or reuse specific actions, decisions, or conditions across different Campaigns. This feature supports cloning events within the same Campaign as well as between different Campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Mautic 5.1, the Campaign builder includes a feature that allows Users to clone - copy and paste - Campaign events, making it easier to replicate complex workflows or reuse specific actions, decisions, or conditions across different Campaigns. This feature supports cloning events within the same Campaign as well as between different Campaigns.
```

Reviewer: Add a version reference to make it clearer when this was introduced.

To clone an event:

1. Hover over the Campaign event that you want to clone and click the copy icon button to store the event in the clipboard:

.. image:: images/clone-campaign-event.png
  :width: 277

>   :alt: Screenshot of hovering over a campaign event to reveal the clone option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: Screenshot of hovering over a Campaign event to reveal the clone option
```
